docs: Add docs for unmanaging modules (#1936)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/user/01-10-kyma-crd.md

```bash
kubectl get crd kymas.operator.kyma-project.io -o yaml
```

> For detailed explanations on the fields and how to use them, refer to [Kyma](../contributor/resources/01-kyma.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on the fields and how to use them, see [Kyma](../contributor/resources/01-kyma.md).
```
